Troubleshoot Docker Desktop
Table of contents
Troubleshoot menu
Diagnose
Check the logs
View the Docker daemon logs
Further resources
This page contains information on how to diagnose and troubleshoot Docker Desktop, and how to check the logs.

Troubleshoot menu
To navigate to Troubleshoot either:

Select the Docker menu Docker menu whale menu and then Troubleshoot.
Select the Troubleshoot icon near the top-right corner of Docker Dashboard.
The Troubleshooting menu contains the following options:

Restart Docker Desktop.

Reset Kubernetes cluster. Select to delete all stacks and Kubernetes resources. For more information, see Kubernetes.

Clean / Purge data. This option resets all Docker data without a reset to factory defaults. Selecting this option results in the loss of existing settings.

Reset to factory defaults: Choose this option to reset all options on Docker Desktop to their initial state, the same as when Docker Desktop was first installed.

If you are a Mac or Linux user, you also have the option to Uninstall Docker Desktop from your system.

Diagnose
Tip
If you do not find a solution in troubleshooting, browse the GitHub repositories or create a new issue:

docker/for-mac
docker/for-win
docker/desktop-linux
Diagnose from the app
From Troubleshoot, select Get support. This opens the in-app Support page and starts collecting the diagnostics.
When the diagnostics collection process is complete, select Upload to get a Diagnostic ID.
When the diagnostics are uploaded, Docker Desktop prints a diagnostic ID. Copy this ID.
Use your diagnostics ID to get help:
If you have a paid Docker subscription, select Contact support. This opens the Docker Desktop support form. Fill in the information required and add the ID you copied in step three to the Diagnostics ID field. Then, select Submit ticket to request Docker Desktop support.
Note
You must be signed in to Docker Desktop to access the support form. For information on what's covered as part of Docker Desktop support, see Support.

If you don't have a paid Docker subscription, select Report a Bug to open a new Docker Desktop issue on GitHub. Complete the information required and ensure you add the diagnostic ID you copied in step three.
Diagnose from an error message
When an error message appears, select Gather diagnostics.
When the diagnostics are uploaded, Docker Desktop prints a diagnostic ID. Copy this ID.
Use your diagnostics ID to get help:
If you have a paid Docker subscription, select Contact support. This opens the Docker Desktop support form. Fill in the information required and add the ID you copied in step three to the Diagnostics ID field. Then, select Submit ticket to request Docker Desktop support.
Note
You must be signed in to Docker Desktop to access the support form. For information on what's covered as part of Docker Desktop support, see Support.

If you don't have a paid Docker subscription, you can open a new Docker Desktop issue on GitHub for Mac, Windows, or Linux. Complete the information required and ensure you add the diagnostic ID printed in step two.
Diagnose from the terminal
In some cases, it's useful to run the diagnostics yourself, for instance, if Docker Desktop cannot start.

Windows Mac Linux
Locate the com.docker.diagnose tool:


 C:\Program Files\Docker\Docker\resources\com.docker.diagnose.exe
Create and upload the diagnostics ID. In PowerShell, run:


 & "C:\Program Files\Docker\Docker\resources\com.docker.diagnose.exe" gather -upload
After the diagnostics have finished, the terminal displays your diagnostics ID and the path to the diagnostics file. The diagnostics ID is composed of your user ID and a timestamp. For example BE9AFAAF-F68B-41D0-9D12-84760E6B8740/20190905152051.

To view the contents of the diagnostic file:

Windows Mac Linux
Unzip the file. In PowerShell, copy and paste the path to the diagnostics file into the following command and then run it. It should be similar to the following example:


$ Expand-Archive -LiteralPath "C:\Users\testUser\AppData\Local\Temp\5DE9978A-3848-429E-8776-950FC869186F\20230607101602.zip" -DestinationPath "C:\Users\testuser\AppData\Local\Temp\5DE9978A-3848-429E-8776-950FC869186F\20230607101602"
Open the file in your preferred text editor. Run:


$ code <path-to-file>
Use your diagnostics ID to get help
If you have a paid Docker subscription, select Contact support. This opens the Docker Desktop support form. Fill in the information required and add the ID you copied in step three to the Diagnostics ID field. Then, select Submit ticket to request Docker Desktop support.

If you don't have a paid Docker subscription, create an issue on GitHub:

For Linux
For Mac
For Windows
Self-diagnose tool
Important
This tool has been deprecated.

Check the logs
In addition to using the diagnose option to submit logs, you can browse the logs yourself.

Windows Mac Linux
In PowerShell, run:


$ code $Env:LOCALAPPDATA\Docker\log
This opens up all the logs in your preferred text editor for you to explore.

View the Docker daemon logs
Refer to the Read the daemon logs section to learn how to view the Docker Daemon logs.

Further resources
View specific troubleshoot topics.
View information on known issues
Fix "Docker.app is damaged" on macOS - Resolve macOS installation issues
Get support for Docker products